Create SECURITY.md (#5)
target/.github: SECURITY.md

# Security

Target takes the security of our software products and services seriously, which includes all source code repositories managed through [our GitHub organizations](https://opensource.target.com).

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Target-owned repository that meets Target's definition of a security vulnerability, please report it to us as described below.

## Reporting Security Issues

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

> Intead, please send an email to security@target.com. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instead, please send an email to [security@target.com](mailto:security@target.com). 
```

# Security

> Target takes the security of our software products and services seriously, which includes all source code repositories managed through [our GitHub organizations](https://opensource.target.com).

Author: I like using this link because it pulls in other efforts like go-vela 👍

Reviewer 2: Agreed

If you believe you have found a security vulnerability in any Target-owned repository that meets Target's definition of a security vulnerability, please report it to us as described below.

## Reporting Security Issues

**Please do not report security vulnerabilities through public GitHub issues.**

> Instead, please report them to the Target Cyber Security team at _____.

Author: I think we should consider striking this. The reference material has an online form to fill out, and to my knowledge we have no such thing.

Reviewer 2: Which reference material do you mean?

Author: Ryan's message, in which our policy was inspired from Microsoft's policy

> If you prefer to submit without logging in, send an email to [security@target.com](mailto:security@target.com).

Reviewer: VDP doesn't require a login

Author: super strange - i could have sworn there was something there before and mention of a bug bounty / security collaboration website.

@jaylindquist I'll adust

> If you prefer to submit without logging in, send an email to _____. If possible, encrypt your message with our PGP key; please download it from _____.

Author: opensource@target.com is already the reporting mechanism for code of conduct violations. should it continue to be that in this case, or perhaps security@target.com?

@djsudduth do you have thoughts?

Reviewer 2: Agree that the security mailbox would be the appropriate contact mech. Jay L can confirm

Author: also reached out to our BISO

Author: I also just now became aware of https://security.target.com/vdp which might be a great place to funnel everyone through - pending some internal alignment

> If you prefer to submit without logging in, send an email to _____. If possible, encrypt your message with our PGP key; please download it from _____.

Author: do we really have a PGP key process?

Reviewer 2: @bmuenzenmeyer - as far as I know we don't have a PGP process in place. I think there might be a way to assign something at the org level - but I'm not familiar with it.

Author: Removed for now

> You should receive a response within 24 hours. If for some reason you do not, please follow up via email to ensure we received your original message. Additional information can be found at _____.

Author: thoughts on where more info be found? I think maybe saying something like 

`Additional information can be found if published to GitHub Advisories` for each repository` ??

Reviewer 2: That seems reasonable - I don't think we'd have any other place to publish additional information for now (unless we want to create an org-level like what Microsoft has at -> https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/msrc?rtc=2 )

Author: Added

Please include the requested information listed below (as much as you can provide) to help us better understand the nature and scope of the possible issue:

-	Type of issue (e.g. buffer overflow, SQL injection, cross-site scripting, etc.)
-	Full paths of source file(s) related to the manifestation of the issue
-	The location of the affected source code (tag/branch/commit or direct URL)
-	Any special configuration required to reproduce the issue
-	Step-by-step instructions to reproduce the issue
-	Proof-of-concept or exploit code (if possible)
-	Impact of the issue, including how an attacker might exploit the issue

This information will help us triage your report more quickly.

## Preferred Languages

We prefer all communications to be in English.

## Policy

> Target follows the principle of [Coordinated Vulnerability Disclosure]().

Reviewer: This doesn't appear to link anywhere

Author: good catch! 

@djsudduth the original material from Ryan referenced https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/msrc/cvd?rtc=2 which itself links to two other locations.

Do you have an opinion here?

Reviewer 2: @bmuenzenmeyer this feels similar to our vulnerability page  https://security.target.com/vdp, but, I think we don't have any referenced ties to that principle (either the ISO or CERT stds) - especially as a public policy (which we'd need to review with our Compliance team first anyway). I think we need to strike this for now.
